Update customer-lifecycle-churn-content.md (#4487)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/ai-ml/architecture/customer-lifecycle-churn-content.md

- [MLOps for Python models using Azure Machine Learning](../../ai-ml/guide/mlops-python.yml)
- [Customer churn prediction using real-time analytics](../../solution-ideas/articles/customer-churn-prediction.yml)
- [Predict Length of Stay and Patient Flow](../../example-scenario/digital-health/predict-patient-length-of-stay.yml)

> - [An end-to-end example of a Synapse Data Science workflow in Microsoft Fabric](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/fabric/data-science/customer-churn)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Create, evaluate, and score a churn prediction model in Microsoft Fabric](/fabric/data-science/customer-churn)
```
